support disabling DFHack with --disable-dfhack (#3374)
DFHack/dfhack: docs/Core.rst

  DFHACK_SOME_VAR=1 ./dfhack

- ``DFHACK_DISABLE``: if set, DFHack will not initialize, not even to redirect

>   :file:`stdout.txt` or :file:`stderr.txt`. This is provided as an alternative

Reviewer: Nitpick:
```suggestion
  standard output or standard error. This is provided as an alternative
```
DF (or is it SDL?) only writes to the .txt files on Windows. (Admittedly my information is based on 0.47, so maybe it will change once those ports come out for v50)
